NXGEN Technology AG
Axis Horn Speaker Configuration
Step 1: Configure Genesis Audio device as mentioned in the below mentioned link 
Genesis Audio Configuration
Step 2: Login using the root (ADMIN) credentials and click 'Sign in' button.
https://helpdesk.nxgen.io/support/nxgentechnology/ShowHomePage.do#Solutions/dv/17599000011873022/en
Step 3: Post login navigate to System-->SIP-->SIP accounts and click on '+ Account' button
Step 4: Enter ONLY the following credentials of the Genesis Audio Device which was configured in "Step 1".  
Active - Enable
Make default - Enable
Name
User ID
Select Regeistred
Domain
Password
Caller ID
Transport Mode - TCP
Answer Automatically - Enable
https://helpdesk.nxgen.io/support/nxgentechnology/ShowHomePage.do#Solutions/dv/17599000011873022/en
Description of fields in above screen:
All current SIP accounts are listed under SIP accounts. For registered accounts, the colored circle lets you know
the status.
The peer to peer (default) account is an automatically created account. You can delete it if you create at least one
other account and set that account as default. The default account is always used when a VAPIX® Application
Programming Interface (API) call is made without specifying which SIP account to call from.
 The account is successfully registered with the SIP server.
 There is a problem with the account. Possible reasons can be authorization failure, that the account credentials
are wrong, or that the SIP server can’t find the account.
Account: Click to create a new SIP account.
Active: Select to be able to use the account.
Make default: Select to make this the default account. There must be a default account, and there can only
be one default account.
Name: Enter a descriptive name. This can, for example, be a first and last name, a role, or a location. The
name is not unique.
User ID: Enter the unique extension or phone number assigned to the device.
Peer-to-peer: Use for direct calls to another SIP device on the local network.
Registered: Use for calls to SIP devices outside the local network, through a SIP server.
Domain: If available, enter the public domain name. It will be shown as part of the SIP address when
calling other accounts.
https://helpdesk.nxgen.io/support/nxgentechnology/ShowHomePage.do#Solutions/dv/17599000011873022/en
Password: Enter the password associated with the SIP account for authenticating against the SIP server.
Authentication ID: Enter the authentication ID used for authenticating against the SIP server. If it is the
same as the user ID, you don’t need to enter the authentication ID.
Caller ID: The name which is presented to the recipient of calls from the device.
Registrar: Enter the IP address for the registrar.
Transport mode: Select the SIP transport mode for the account: UPD, TCP, or TLS. When you select TLS,
you get the option to use media encryption.
Media encryption (only with transport mode TLS): Select the type of encryption for media (audio and
video) in SIP calls.
Certificate (only with transport mode TLS): Select a certificate.
Verify server certificate (only with transport mode TLS): Check to verify the server certificate.
Secondary SIP server: Turn on if you want the device to try to register on a secondary SIP server if
registration on the primary SIP server fails.
Answer automatically: Select to automatically answer an incoming call.
SIP secure: Select to use Secure Session Initiation Protocol (SIPS). SIPS uses the TLS transport mode to
encrypt traffic.
Proxies
Proxy: Click to add a proxy.
Prioritize: If you have added two or more proxies, click to prioritize them.
Server address: Enter the IP address of the SIP proxy server.
Username: If required, enter the username for the SIP proxy server.
Password: If required, enter the password for the SIP proxy server.
Video
View area: Select the view area to use for video calls. If you select none, the native view is used.
Resolution: Select the resolution to use for video calls. The resolution affects the required bandwidth.
Frame rate: Select the number of frames per second for video calls. The frame rate affects the required
bandwidth.
H.264 profile: Select the profile to use for video calls.
DTMF
Use RTP (RFC2833): Select to allow dual-tone multifrequency (DTMF) signaling, other tone signals
and telephony events in RTP packets.
https://helpdesk.nxgen.io/support/nxgentechnology/ShowHomePage.do#Solutions/dv/17599000011873022/en
Use SIP INFO (RFC2976): Select to include the INFO method to the SIP protocol. The INFO method
adds optional application layer information, generally related to the session.
DTMF sequence: Click to add an action rule triggered by touch-tone. You must activate the action rule
in the Events tab.
Sequence: Enter the characters to trigger the action rule. Allowed characters: 0–9, A-D, #, and *.
Description: Enter a description of the action to be triggered.
https://helpdesk.nxgen.io/support/nxgentechnology/ShowHomePage.do#Solutions/dv/17599000011873022/en

